[RHIDP-7712]: Add configuration files reference to the Configuring title (#2257)
redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh: modules/configure_configuring-rhdh/con-rbac-policy-files.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT

[id="rbac-policy-files_{context}"]
= RBAC policy files

[role="_abstract"]
{product-short} uses external policy files to define role-based access control (RBAC) rules. Two files work together to control permissions: a CSV file for standard policies and a YAML file for conditional policies.

`rbac-policy.csv`::
Uses Casbin syntax with two entry types:
+
* `p` entries define policy rules (`p, role, resource, action, effect`).
* `g` entries define role assignments (`g, user, role`).

`rbac-conditional-policies.yaml`::
Defines conditional policies with criteria-based filtering for fine-grained access control.

*Provisioning*

> Both files are provisioned together in a single config map (for example, `rbac-policies`). Reference the files from `{my-app-config-file}`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Both files are provisioned together in a single config map, such as, `rbac-policies`. Reference the files from `{my-app-config-file}` by using the following fields:
```
